docs/Frameworks/gatsby.md, before:

# Gastby JS

This React project is built on [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/) which is a powerful static site generator.

## Basic Commands

Get up and running with the following commands. Follow [this documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/gatsby-cli/) to familarize yourself with the Gatsby CLI.

Start development server
```
gatsby develop
```
Generate build
```
gatsby build
```
Clean 
```
gatsby clean
```

## Config API

The file `gatsby-config.js` defines metadata, plugins, and other general configuration. [Learn more](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-config/).


## Node APIs

Code in the file `gatsby-node.js` is run once in the process of building your site. You can use its APIs to create pages dynamically, add data into GraphQL, or respond to events during the build lifecycle. [Learn more](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-node/).

**This is where we generate our blog posts, knowledge base posts, location pages, bios, graduate stories etc.**

Read the template guide for an example using the `createPage` function to [Dynamically Create Pages](/Layout%20Builder/Templates#dynamically-create-pages).

## Browser APIs
The file `gatsby-browser.js` lets you respond to Gatsby-specific events within the browser, and wrap your page components in additional global components. [Learn more](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-browser/).

Currently, we use gatsby-browser to define global css, font awesome, and redux (see the wrapWithProvider component below).

```jsx title="./gatsby-browser.js"
import './src/styles/global.css';

import { library } from '@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core'
import { faCalendar, faClock } from '@fortawesome/free-regular-svg-icons'
import { faPlay } from '@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons'
import wrapWithProvider from "./src/state/wrap-with-provider"

library.add(faCalendar, faClock, faPlay)

export const wrapRootElement = wrapWithProvider
```

## GraphQL

GraphQL is a query language for requesting information from an API, and a protocol for servers that support it. GraphQL is one of the ways that you can import data into your Gatsby components. [Learn more about Gatsby and GraphQL](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/glossary/graphql/)

### Fragments

Fragments allow you to reuse parts of GraphQL queries. It also allows you to split up complex queries into smaller, easier to understand components. [Learn More.](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/graphql-data-layer/using-graphql-fragments/) In our project, Fragments are crucial to maintaining the queries tied to data stored in Contentful.

Inside of the folder `/src/graphql-fragments/` there are several important files to pay attention to.

`LayoutFragment.js` is a special fragment we designed for the Layout Builder. In this file we have organized all of the queries for Content Models in Contentful that correspond with a component we have built in React. As you can see below, the fragment will only work on the Content Type of _Node_. This represents a reference field in Contentful. Using the spread option, ... _on_ _ContentfulType_ allows you to optionally query data if that content type is present in the reference field. 

There are a few places where this fragment is used: **Pages, Templates, Rich Text and the Column Grid component.**
This fragment gives us a central file where all of the queries can be easily updated.

:::info
One limitation to keep in mind with fragments, is that **you cannot spread a fragment of the same type within itself**. For example, in the code below we don't include the Page, Template, Rich Text and Column Grid fragments, because that would break the rule. Check the code for `PageFragment.js` to see how we resolve this for our setup.
:::

```jsx title="/src/graphql-fragments/LayoutFragment.js"
export const LayoutFragment = graphql`
    fragment LayoutFragment on Node {
        ... on ContentfulButton {
            ...ContentfulButtonFragment
        }
        ... on ContentfulDynamicTemplateComponent {
            ...DynamicTemplateComponentFragment
        }
        ... on ContentfulImage {
            ...ImageFragment
        }
        ... on ContentfulVideo {
            ...VideoFragment
        }
        ... we have 20+ components
    }
`
```

`PageFragment.js` is used to query the SEO Title/description and Layout for each page. As you can see below, the Column Grid and Rich Text fragments are added along side the Layout Fragment to avoid spreading a fragment of the same type within itself. The other fragments generating dynamic layouts follow the same pattern.

```jsx title="/src/graphql-fragments/PageFragment.js"

export const PageFragment = graphql`
    fragment PageFragment on ContentfulPage {
        seoTitle
        seoDescription
        layout {
            ... on Node {
                ... on ContentfulColumnGrid {
                    ...ColumnGridFragment
                }
                ... on ContentfulRichText {
                    ...RichTextFragment
                }
                ...LayoutFragment
            }
        }
    }
`
```

Commit message:

quick edits to the gatsby page, fragments section

docs/Frameworks/gatsby.md, after:

# Gastby JS

This React project is built on [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/) which is a powerful static site generator.

## Basic Commands

Get up and running with the following commands. Follow [this documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/gatsby-cli/) to familarize yourself with the Gatsby CLI.

Start development server
```
gatsby develop
```
Generate build
```
gatsby build
```
Clean 
```
gatsby clean
```

## Config API

The file `gatsby-config.js` defines metadata, plugins, and other general configuration. [Learn more](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-config/).


## Node APIs

Code in the file `gatsby-node.js` is run once in the process of building your site. You can use its APIs to create pages dynamically, add data into GraphQL, or respond to events during the build lifecycle. [Learn more](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-node/).

**This is where we generate our blog posts, knowledge base posts, location pages, bios, graduate stories etc.**

Read the template guide for an example using the `createPage` function to [Dynamically Create Pages](/Layout%20Builder/Templates#dynamically-create-pages).

## Browser APIs
The file `gatsby-browser.js` lets you respond to Gatsby-specific events within the browser, and wrap your page components in additional global components. [Learn more](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-browser/).

Currently, we use gatsby-browser to define global css, font awesome, and redux (see the wrapWithProvider component below).

```jsx title="./gatsby-browser.js"
import './src/styles/global.css';

import { library } from '@fortawesome/fontawesome-svg-core'
import { faCalendar, faClock } from '@fortawesome/free-regular-svg-icons'
import { faPlay } from '@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons'
import wrapWithProvider from "./src/state/wrap-with-provider"

library.add(faCalendar, faClock, faPlay)

export const wrapRootElement = wrapWithProvider
```

## GraphQL

GraphQL is a query language for requesting information from an API, and a protocol for servers that support it. GraphQL is one of the ways that you can import data into your Gatsby components. [Learn more about Gatsby and GraphQL](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/glossary/graphql/)

### Fragments

Fragments allow you to reuse parts of GraphQL queries. It also allows you to split up complex queries into smaller, easier to understand components. [Learn More.](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/reference/graphql-data-layer/using-graphql-fragments/)

In our project, Fragments are crucial to maintaining the queries tied to data stored in Contentful. Inside of the folder `/src/graphql-fragments/` there are several important files to pay attention to.

`LayoutFragment.js` is a special fragment we designed for the Layout Builder. In this file we have organized all of the queries for Content Models in Contentful that correspond with a component we have built in React. As you can see below, the fragment will only work on the Content Type of _Node_. This represents a reference field in Contentful. Using the spread option, ... _on_ _ContentfulType_ allows you to optionally query data if that content type is present in the reference field. 

There are a few places where this fragment is used: **Pages, Templates, Rich Text and the Column Grid component.**
This fragment gives us a central file where all of the queries can be easily updated.

:::caution
One limitation to keep in mind with fragments is that **you cannot spread a fragment of the same type within itself**. For example, in the code below we don't include the Page, Template, Rich Text and Column Grid fragments because they use the layout fragment to query references. If you ignore this, Gatsby will throw an error. Check the code for `PageFragment.js` to see how we resolve this for our setup.
:::

```jsx title="/src/graphql-fragments/LayoutFragment.js"
export const LayoutFragment = graphql`
    fragment LayoutFragment on Node {
        ... on ContentfulButton {
            ...ContentfulButtonFragment
        }
        ... on ContentfulDynamicTemplateComponent {
            ...DynamicTemplateComponentFragment
        }
        ... on ContentfulImage {
            ...ImageFragment
        }
        ... on ContentfulVideo {
            ...VideoFragment
        }
        ... we have 20+ components
    }
`
```

`PageFragment.js` is used to query the SEO Title/description and Layout for each page. As you can see below, the Column Grid and Rich Text fragments are added along side the Layout Fragment to avoid spreading a fragment of the same type within itself. The Column Grid and Rich Text fragments follow the same pattern, leaving out the Column Grid and Rich Text fragments respectively.

:::tip
If you would like to design support for a Column Grid to be embedded within itself you need to create a seperate fragment to wrap the conflicting type. The same would work for Rich Text and any future functionality that might be required. For now we don't need that support.
:::

```jsx title="/src/graphql-fragments/PageFragment.js"

export const PageFragment = graphql`
    fragment PageFragment on ContentfulPage {
        seoTitle
        seoDescription
        layout {
            ... on Node {
                ... on ContentfulColumnGrid {
                    ...ColumnGridFragment
                }
                ... on ContentfulRichText {
                    ...RichTextFragment
                }
                ...LayoutFragment
            }
        }
    }
`
```
